[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: How
did a conflict near Sirius
uncover a plan to harness
energy from Orion's portal?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we
will uncover the events
that led to the War
of Orion's portal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Everything that I exists; every
reality in every dimension
and every world, every
species and every being
--is a projection
of the distortion
in the sixth dimension.
The sixth dimension
is like the filter
of the core of the reality,
the spark, the seed that
creates everything.
And these mirrors that
creates all these differences
are the ones that,
through the polarity
of positive and negative,
shapes the ideas
and shapes the structures
of our realities.
So from there, after
the sixth dimension,
the idea of races and beings
fighting each other to reach
the truth is something normal.
Through the unconscious
way of evolution,
this fight is about food.
This fight is about surviving.
Fear, hunger are
the main emotions
that push us towards the
light or the darkness.
And they try to improve
by eating other beings,
by using the energy
of other beings.
It's something that,
normally goes on and creates
the improvement of matter.
So, creates different
species, different races
that could be adapted to
different environments.
Through the process
of consciousness,
the fight is different.
The fight is about who
of all of these species
are able to reach the
main source of energy
to create its own universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When you become conscious and
you realize that everything
that exists, every reality
that you are in is like a jail,
like a structure that you are
trapped in, that you cannot
transform yourself, that you are
all the time bounded and guided
by the patterns that created
you at the first time,
that you are submitted to time
and space and you cannot modify
that.
Then you start to find the
path, so you can get freedom.
Being free from
these patterns mean
to let all this
creation behind and try
to transform
everything, to transcend
the shapes of time and space.
So once you, in
unconscious, reach
to get every energy
from the space,
the next stage you will try
to achieve is to handle time.
We have to remember that time
and space are exactly the same,
but in different levels.
Time is the streams that
connects everything,
and space is the conjunction
of all these streams being
pressed by gravity.
So the only truth has
two ways of being seen.
The one that is really
tied, that is really
whole, which is the
space, is the one
that has all these
structures that doesn't allow
us to go outside the system--
what we call the matrix.
And this matrix that holds
us all in these structures
of geometry are all the patterns
that we keep in our blood
from the history
of our ancestors,
of the animals and
plants that inherit
their information
through thousands
of years of evolution.
And then when we
try to handle time,
it's like taking by ourselves
the cords, the ties that
are bounding all
the gravity around.
So for the beams
of consciousness,
trying to be free of time is
to reach the way in which they
can go through every dimension
and to rule its own universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When you can handle
time and space,
you can create your own reality.
You can be your own god.
And that is why some species
that reach the conscience,
they were trying to reach
all the sources of energy
capable to transform
themselves in a new universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Because of the pattern
of the sixth dimension,
every being in different
aspects of the universe
were trying to build a universe
through its own image of what
the universe was.
So for everyone, the universe
is something different.
As for us, we have many
religions, many sciences,
many cultures that
try to understand
how the universe works.
So imagine, every
species in every planet
having a different
way to understand
how the universe works.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This is how we, the species
of the conscious worlds,
started to create the idea
of this evolutionary path
towards the self.
And even though some of
us had a different idea
of what was the self, we all
agree that if we work together,
we could reach the same goal.
This is for us like the UN.
Even if every country
thinks different
and they even are against each
other, the organization that
unites every
nation, it's a place
where you can discuss or
talk about your own ideas
and try to solve the problems
in a table and not in a war.
There are many beings in
the confederation that
work for the process of peace.
But the process of peace
is not like here, like,
trying to speak with
each one of the species.
The process of peace
is to bring harmony
in the vibration
of every planet.
And because they
speak telepathically,
they can just talk with the
species through time and space
without the need to
travel to those planets.
That's why for
physical forms, we
had some kind of
parliament where
some beings were able to reunite
and discuss about the things.
But because each one of us
has such a different way
of thinking, the problems in the
communications were very big.
So that's why we needed
species like Vegan people that
were in the middle
of the dimension,
so they could speak
with every one of them.
So a decision that, for a
species would take 1,000 years,
and for other species
would take a few minutes,
they would be able to speak with
them for 1,000 years and just
a few minutes in the same time.
The species over the fourth
dimension and the ones that
lived through the
fifth dimension, time
is not a problem,
but they need space
to understand they're divine.
So they need species to be
alive in the third dimensional
realities, as others
need them to be
alive in the fifth dimension.
This is the case of
the Pleiadian people.
They are one of the
only species related
to our system that is
able, not only to talk
with the species in
evolution in the past,
but also in the future.
Pleiadian people can see
and experience the future,
but they cannot live it.
They cannot be
transforming their reality,
they can just see
it and feel it.
So when they saw the
possibilities they had in time,
they needed matter to be their
own creators of realities.
As I said before, they needed
space and species alive,
so they could create
their own reality
through the sixth dimension.
In order to achieve
the sixth dimension,
the beings in the
fifth dimension
need to go through
the third dimension.
Three, six, nine are the
pattern to go to the divine
through the matter.
And that is why
the fifth dimension
needs us to handle the
time and space structure.
Because of this, what happened
was some Pleiadians, not
all of them, a few
of them decided
to use the three
dimensional world as a tool
to jump into the
sixth dimension.
But in order to do
that, they needed
to be alive in the
third dimension,
and they needed to
densify all the structures
of the fifth dimension.
Because they were not able
to go through the portals
of the sixth and
the third dimension,
they needed species
that were living
in the third dimension that were
able to live in the darkness,
and that they were
able to modify
the structures in the
reality, so they could
be born in these dimensions.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So they reached some
species that they
were aware of how to
evolve in these realities,
they were aware of how to
survive in material worlds.
And this would be the people
that we call the Draconians.
The Draconians are people
from the Draco constellation.
They have these
civilizations that
are accomplished to survive in
the most horrible environments.
These environments
allow them to handle
the energy of the planets.
So for the Pleiadian people
to rule the third dimension
and to help to download
the information
from the fifth dimension
into the third one,
they needed these people
to bring the information
in between the third
and the sixth dimension,
so they could download the main
patterns to transform realities
in this dimension.
But the main patterns
were taken care
of by the biggest
portals in our galaxy,
and that would be
Orion's portal.
Pleiadian people was able
to talk with all the beings
that were trying to design
the ideas and the concepts
of the fifth dimension.
And what they saw in the
future is that they could rule
and they can transform these
third dimensional realities
into other levels
of consciousness
creating its own universe.
Even if our goals were to
create a different universe,
the problem was to create
a different universe
from ideas that are not
bounded with the core.
So that would be a distortion,
and that distortion
could create a black hole
swallowing every reality
and destroying everything
that was created.
So that's why nobody
could just open a portal,
they have to become
the portals in the path
through every dimension.
That is why the Pleiadian
people used the Draconian people
to go to the Orion's
portal and start
to take the energy
from them, so they
could open by
themselves the portal in
between the dimensions.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There was a species that,
into dimensions from Andromeda
system to the Milky
Way system, they
were the ones taking care
of these communications
in between time and
space with this energy
that we call Protiktah on Earth.
These people were called
the Trevet for us.
And the Trevet were
these big species
like 5 meters tall with
horns in their heads
and all their bodies covered.
The Trevet were taking
care of the energy that
can open the portals between the
third and the sixth dimension.
This magnetical energy
and frequency pattern
that they had created
with the Merkaba
was a gift, a tool that
they were delivering
to different species
treating them like what
we could imagine as stargates.
The stargates that they
were creating were--
so people from
different dimensions
could go to the core of reality
and appear in another reality
in another galaxy.
So they were the keepers
of this information,
of this tool in a physical way.
And what the Draconian
people had to do
was to take the
power of this energy,
so they could open the
portals in between dimensions.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In order to do that, they
needed a lot of energy.
That's why Draco
people took the lead
of an invasion of some worlds
to take the minerals that
could resonate and vibrate
in different regions,
so they could build this machine
to create a big vibration,
to open the portal,
and to swallow
the energy from Orion's portal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And that's why they took
this species that we,
in Sirius, call Iakopti.
Iakopti were like the
hunters of this energy,
of these materials.
The minerals that
some planets had
were useful to create this
structure, this material
to reflect every energy
of the Suns of Orion,
and create this pattern
of energy opening
the portal towards
the Protiktah,
so they could bring this
energy and to transform
the realities of
the sixth dimension
into the third dimension.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What they did was to
invade this planet,
and one of those planets were
the one I was living in--
Eimpah.
Eimpah was part of
the confederation,
but we had no idea about that.
We can imagine Eimpah
like Earth with billions
of beings alive in the planet
living their own lives,
but without connection
into other planets.
We were an evolving
planet, we had no idea
about the parliament of the
confederation, Orion's portal,
nothing.
We were just
harvesting our foods,
we were just
enjoying our culture.
We were amphibious, we
had no idea about fight,
we had no tools to do anything.
We were not in touch with other
species outside the planet.
But some of us in the
government had this idea
that we were part of
this organization,
and in our planet, we had
this mineral and this material
to be harvested.
And that's why they came to
Eimpah to take this energy,
to take these minerals, and that
was one of the main things that
made us know that something
was wrong in the portals
of the galaxy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Some of the Pleiadian people
that were leading this project
knew that this was
the only way they
could download in physical
shape all the project to create
a new reality.
But the tools that they
took in order to do so,
were dark ones because they were
so disconnected from the being
that they were not following
the rules of Pleiadian people,
they were just
finding another way
to create their own reality.
Even if they were part
of the confederation,
they would never say
to the confederation
that they were just using
the power of the portals
to create their own universe.
So what they did was to create
a conflict in Orion's portal,
so nobody would take care
of the portal at that time.
That created a
main conflict that
made a civil war in between
the systems of Orion.
The main conflict was created
through the Pleiadian people.
Because some of the Pleiadian
people went to Orion
to say to one of them that
the other part of the system
was trying to open the portal,
so the nine lords of darkness
could get in.
What we call the nine
lords of darkness
are the nine systems
of the galaxy that
creates and destroys realities.
So we call them the
nine lords because they
are very hard energy that we
can relate with personalities.
So if the portal was opened
to these nine structures,
all the system would be hijacked
by energies that were not
supposed to lead the matter.
This would be like
an opening tunnel
between the sixth dimension
and the third dimension,
and would allow the
low-vibrational beings
in the sixth dimension
to transform and destroy
everything around in
the third dimension.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
On the other hand, other
parts of the Pleiadian people
were trying to prevent
this situation.
And they were the ones working
with the confederation in order
to protect everyone of the world
in the process of evolution,
so this amount of energy
from the sixth dimension
wouldn't destroy this world.
But all this was happening
through the eyes of the fifth
and the fourth dimension.
So for us in the
third dimension,
this didn't even happen.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
For the universe,
time is something
different from what we expect.
It's not something that has
happened or is happening
or will happen, it's
depending on the vibration
that says when it's happening.
All the situations that
happen in the high vibration
of the fifth dimension
are in the future.
So what they are trying
to do from the future
is trying to correct and prevent
that this would happen again
in the cycles of time.
And that is why we
need to understand
why these problems in between
the species, the races,
has started because we have
the same problems here.
Every one of our
countries, our races
are trying to fight
for resources.
And this is something that
won't stay just in this planet.
Someday, we will reach Mars, and
then Jupiter, and then Saturn,
and then we will reach the
energy of the whole system.
And from there, we will
reach the whole galaxy.
So we are the
seeds of the future
to try to prevent this problem.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
That's why every species
from other dimensions
are trying to see how
we handle our problems
within because when we solve
our problems in this Earth,
it's like they're solving
their problems in the future.
So these problems
happen in the past,
but in such a different
level of vibration
that for us, is the future.
And this story that
happened was the one
that helped all
the confederations
to decide we need
to do something
to create these
greenhouses where
we can prevent the seeds to
be taken by the darkness.
And that is why
planets like Earth
were chosen to keep all
these seeds in the past.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
All the conflicts that
we had in those species
around the universe
were the keys
towards the creation of
conscious civilizations
in worlds like ours
because they understood
that the way to
solve the problems
through different times
and different spaces
was to put them all together.
And that's why the
world's outer cultures,
they took the information
from all these species
and put these vibrations
in the DNA of this hominids
in this planet.
So we all, within,
have the information
of all these species.
And in every day
of our lives, we
have to deal with
all of them within.
If we can solve all the
problems of the confederation
in our daily lives, then that
means for the fifth dimension
that we can solve all the
problems of the creation.
The War of Orion is
something that didn't happen,
but it is happening.
And it's also our
past because it was
because of that we are here.
So in different timelines,
in different spaces,
what they were trying to do
was to create new realities,
was to create new ways of
creating new universes.
So all the species were trying
to put their best in order
to evolve.
For some dark species, for
some very physical species
to reach the energy so
they could transform
their own universe,
was the best way
in which they could use the
universe to help everyone
to get united again.
So for other beings, it was
the light, the self awareness,
so they were trying to prepare
every species in that path.
So we are now trying to use the
resources of the whole system
in order to create
a new universe,
so destroying to create.
And that is the main
conflict that we
have as the Orion's portal
war because the portal
between dimensions are
the main structures that
helped to connect the source of
all the knowledge and energies
to create the realities
towards our realities
in which we are trapped
for some of them.
So in order to
seek freedom, they
are willing to
destroy the matrix
and to be free from the matrix.
But what we forgot is that
the matrix was created by us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So we have two ways to
create our own universes.
Through the war of Orion,
trying to destroy the matrix
to create the new one.
Or trying to understand
this network that we have
and to rule it from
within, and feeling
that we are that network.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Maybe the question
you would ask is,
why do we need all of these
processes to reach the energy?
All these species
harvesting energy
from every planet we create
in this civilization;
humans in this planet?
Why do we need all these
processes through dimensions?
Through the Confederation
to just reach the divine
if every atom in the
universe-- doesn't matter,
the time and space,
where it is --it
can reach the divine
through the ninth dimension?
Well, the short answer
would be evolution.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And that is why in
the fifth dimension,
in the fourth dimension,
they all, in every species
and every race that exist
in different planets,
are looking into our
process of evolution
because what we do now
can change the realities
in the sixth dimension.
So the beings that were trying
to reach these dimensions,
that were trying to build these
civilizations realized that
they cannot go backwards.
That they can only look
for ways of evolution
to seek how to
find the self, how
to find the doors to
the ninth dimension.
Even if we all have
within all the potential
of the whole universe, all
the energy of this big tree
in just this seed.
There is a big process
for a tiny seed
to become the biggest tree.
[MUSIC PLAYING]